Hey, good morning, family. Praise the
Lord. Thank you for joining us today.
Well, I just want to thank
every single one of you again. Thank you for
coming. Every single time we do a video,
you come out and you pray. You take
things seriously. This is where
I've been. I told the Lord,
I said, "I don't want to be where I'm
at today this way tomorrow. I'm
tired of being just the status quo.
I'm tired of the status quo. I'm tired
of Christianity as usual. I'm
ready for Christianity
unusual."This
is why when you get fed up
being the way you are, that's when
you'll start to see change. I want
change. Diana and I, Braden, Megan, all
of us. I want change in my daughter. I
want change in my family. I want change,
expecting God to do something big in
your life. And I said, "Lord, I want the
revival. I want healings,
demonstrations, and manifestations of
your glory in these last days. You said
we would walk in this. Where's the
kink in the hose?"And the Bible
says, "If ye abide in me and my words
remain in you, you shall ask what you
will."But
it's about remaining in this
word and getting this word's foundation
in your
life, the love walk,
going back to 1 Corinthians 13 and
meditating on what He said. Getting
that word, the love, because the glory
of what He said, Brandon—the glory of
those big silos of that honey
glow—was
connected to love, getting a love
foundation in your life from 1
Corinthians 13, meditating on that,
and getting that word of what the Bible
says about love taking no account of a
suffered
wrong when people do you wrong and all
these things, but also believing God
that He's going to do it. Having an
expectation for manifestations,
because expectation brings
the manifestation. I believe that God is
going to show up in this service
tomorrow for your churches, or for
wherever you have a church or prayer
group. I expect for us to get
something radical from the Holy Spirit
today. I do not want to go away and have
another lukewarm service that
everybody kind of feels was okay,
whatever, bypassing another week. I
know from glory to glory He's changing
me. I want that so bad. The only thing
that's ever going to change you is
having a foundation of this word down
inside of your heart, changing you from
the inside
out. That's the only thing. And that's
what Brother Hagin—he drove it
home. That's all he ever talked about:
"Faith cometh by hearing, hearing by the word
of God,"you know. And R.W.
Schambach,
all the
greats.
I said, "My goodness, Lord, help
me. If I'm a closer, I don't want to let
these guys down. I don't want to let you
down. I want to finish strong. Lord, let
us do something big for you
because the word is working mightily in
me. The word is working mightily in me.
Do you believe it? Do you believe
it?"But
then He said to me when I was
driving around today, He said, "Brandon,
I want you to start to believe for
manifestations of angelic
encounters—not
flaky
stuff, but truly changing you from the
inside out—the word, believing for
that. But not only that, believing
for demonstrations of the Holy Spirit,
manifestations of the Holy Spirit,
and angelic visitations in your services
every
day, Lord, by love."I get this love like
He
said, love from 1 Corinthians
13. Get in that love. Okay, so if I'm
walking in love, and you
are love, and you're inside of me, and I'm
inside with you, Lord, and we take this
communion every day, and we're expecting
for you to show up in the
mall, showing up in these
circumstances. There was a guy,
when I had all these things going
on with our house, I told you the guy
hit our
septic, and it was like thousands of
dollars to get this septic
fixed.
But when he
was
here, my first reaction was just to lose
it, because he
just did all this, right? And he
wasn't going to fix it because I didn't tell
him where the septic was. So
it was, you know, and he said, "I'll
go in half."But the Holy Spirit said,
"Walk in love. Walk in love. Walk in
love. Don't lose it on this man.
There's more to this than what meets the
eye."And
so, to make a long story short,
another guy
came, and he was a Hispanic man, and
the Lord said to me, "He does not know
me."Witness
to him, impart love into
him, and talk to him about the word.
You could feel instantaneously
the
devil inside of him
starts talking out. "Are you
smoking dope? Are you doing this
stuff?"because
you're talking about the Holy
Ghost. You're talking about the end times,
"Jesus is coming. The end times are
here."I'm
just bold about my faith, folks.
I'm not going to ever just back
down. And if the Holy Spirit comes on
me, you're going to see a radical
evangelist right there. And that's what
I do. And so I start telling him about
the Antichrist and about earthquakes.
This is what's coming. Oregon is fixing
to have a major earthquake. This is
stuff because I know God puts these
signs. Signs will follow them that
believe.
Signs will follow them that believe; He
said they would. And God gives us these
things to be a light in the darkness to
this world, not to be flaky. What makes
us stand out? It's the signs. It's the
wonders. It's whenever we touch somebody,
and they are lost as a goose in
the fog, and you lay hands on them, and
the power of God sets them free, and
they go from glory to
glory.
There was something to
that. It's not just
watered-down,
lukewarm religion that you're getting
from stale preachers behind the pulpit,
but you're teaching people that Jesus
Christ is coming and they need to repent
because if they don't, they're going to
hell. He came to set the captives free.
He told us to do the Great Commission: to
go into all the world, lay hands on the
sick, and they would recover, cast out
devils, raise the dead, do all the
things that He said we could
do. Why aren't we seeing it? Because we're
not believing
it. I want to be a believing
believer.
And when I saw that man, the
Lord told me, "If he dies tonight,
Brandon, he's going to
hell."I
had compassion inside of me. I
wanted to—it would
look flaky—but bend down on my knees
right then and grab his ankle and say, "If
you die tonight, sir, the Lord told me
you're going to hell. I don't know what
it is with you, but God's calling
you. God's calling you. God's calling your
son that's standing next to you."And I
feel to intercede and just weep
on
behalf of your
soul because you don't realize how close
you are to stepping over.
I don't know what it was about that man,
but he came to my house, and I figured
he's here for a reason. It's not
a
coincidence. "Yeah, you messed up my
septic. Yeah, you did all this stuff,
and I'm showing you love because my
flesh wants to just be really ugly right
now. What do you do for a living,
sir?""I'm
a
preacher.""I
could be a real jerk right
now. I really could because of what you
did, but I'm going to show you love, and
I'm going to pay for it.
I'm going to pay for it. It doesn't cost
you anything. It was an
accident."But
you have the opportunity
right then to show the love of God to
somebody, and you can totally lose it
because thousands of dollars is a lot,
or you can love on
somebody because they made a
mistake. Yeah, it was a costly one, but
my point is that's the love that He's
talking about in 1 Corinthians 13 right
now.
Not all things are always easy,
especially when you're dealing with the
world and they mess up your yard and
they do all the things that they do. And
you know what? The one guy
came back and made it all right. He
went out and cleaned up the stuff, and he
apologized because
it was bad. I'm just telling y'all, it
was bad. A lot of things. My house is
leaking water clear into my bedroom.
There's a lot going on this last week.
Then we made the video last
week.
Wednesday evening, we
got
home from church, did all
that, got so excited. Thursday morning,
we woke up. We're going to make another
video for you all, and Braden's computer
has completely crashed. All of the
software, all of it completely gone,
wiped out. It's like we got hacked in
the middle of the night. Literally, the
computer won't start, won't do anything.
And he goes, 'Daddy,
something bad has happened to the
computer that we got blessed with. It's
not working at all.'And I said, 'What
happened?'He
goes, 'It won't even boot
up. There's nothing. It
won't
even do anything.'It was
completely frozen. Everything about this
after we made that video about the
energy and everything. So, I figured we
got hacked. Something happened in the
middle of the night. I
still don't know what happened.
So, he had to reboot it back up. He's
watching YouTube videos. All these
little
pricks because I know I'm on the right
road and I'm going somewhere with
this. You know you're on the right road
when you're getting these little pricks
because the enemy is ticked off because
I'm putting a kink in his hose and he
doesn't
like it because I'm teaching a lot
of you. You know how many people email
every day, 'You're teaching me to pray.
You're teaching me how to live by faith.
I was suicidal. My marriage has
been restored.'How many people have
gotten their lives changed by watching
these
videos? I'm
humbled. So many people said, 'I never
knew how to pray in the Holy Ghost and
baptism. I got filled with the Holy
Ghost and fire watching these videos and
I pray with you every single
day.'How
many people said, 'I was lukewarm and
you turned me around? I watch you
instead of pastors now because I get
more out of your sermons.'I said, 'My
God, what an honor that you'd come
to listen to
me.'But
after you get all these little
pricks and things, and Braden
finally, it was the grace of God
watching a YouTube video that we were
able to—because he said, 'Daddy, we're
going to have to buy a new computer.
This computer's
gone.'And
watching a YouTube video,
he fixed it. Thank God. Took him all
day long Thursday. All day long, we
didn't have it. And
I told him, I said, 'Whatever happens
happens, buddy. We'll make it
work.'Whenever
the enemy
comes in and he tries to test
you to see if he's getting to you by
how you react. How are you reacting
to the septic tank getting run over, the
water line, and the water
flooding my bathroom and ruining
it,
and I had to go and fix all that, the
boards falling down from the storm?
All these little things.
The enemy tried to
get you all in your thoughts,
but it all goes back to 1
Corinthians
13. Will you walk in love? Will you
allow your fruit to shine to men? And
whenever the devil's trying to get your
joy with all these little things and it
all adds up, like I
said, thousands, and my flesh, like I
said, I
was—wow.
Okay. So, whenever all that's
coming on you and all that's going on
and you have the opportunity to walk in
love, right? Walk in
love. The Bible says, 'Take no thought,
saying.'Take
no thought, saying. Why?
Because out of the abundance of the
heart, the mouth speaks. And the
devil cannot read your thoughts. The
devil can't go around looking, 'Am I
getting to him?'So the only way he can
know if he's getting
to you is by how you're responding on
the outside in the natural. Because the
devil's a flesh
devil. He doesn't get anything by the
spirit of God. He has to move by the
flesh. And he's not
omnipresent.
He is either with you or
whatever. He's not like
the Holy Spirit, right? So,
his demons are looking to go back and
report to him, 'This worked and this
didn't work.'But when you show the love
of God, you pass the test. That's what
I'm trying to tell y'all. When you get
cut off on the road, when you do these
things and people treat you badly at the
restaurant—you
might have a bad server
at the restaurant. She might give you
bad service and you show love and say,
'I'll
give her a good tip anyway.
She doesn't deserve it.'And
you might
want to just tell
her boss, 'She's the most lousy server
I've ever had. She didn't get my drinks
refilled. She didn't give me good
service the whole time. I'm telling
you what, I want to let this girl have a
piece of my mind,'you know, but you go
and you say, 'Honey, I know this may not
be your calling, but I'm going to bless
you anyway and show you
love,'you
know, 20 bucks or whatever. I
don't know, that's a big tip, I'm just
saying you give them a big
tip. They may say, 'Hey, I
can't
believe how I treated you'or whatever.
I don't know, I just try
to show God's love until the point of
where it's
painful to my flesh because there's
something more about it in the glory, is
what I'm trying to tell you
all. Where is the glory? Where's the
outpouring of the spirit of God? Like
we've never seen it before. The Lord
told me, he said, 'Brandon, Jesus did
not do any mighty works until somebody
put a demand on it.'Look at what he did
with the water turning into wine.
Mary put a demand on that gift
inside of him. But it wasn't time
yet.
years, nothing, and then somebody put a
demand on it and caused that gift to
flourish. And that's why I feel like a
lot of times, maybe that's where we're
at. Maybe it wasn't season yet. But the
Lord said it's time to put a demand
on what is rightfully ours. When I was
driving around today, he said it's time
to put a demand on it. It's time for you
to
expect, because I was
driving under a bridge. I can't even
tell you where I was. I was on
Memorial Drive in Tulsa, Oklahoma. And I
was going under the bridge
because
I was looking at the Range
Rovers, I was looking at the Cadillac
dealership, I was believing big.
Looking at those cars and going,
'Look at those cars. That's the wealth
of the sinner laid up for the righteous.
Look at those brand new Escalades,
look at those brand new Range
Rovers,
look at those brand new cars. Look at
what the world has.'And yes, they have
it, but greater is he that is in me.
Yes. He said he would provide, the
wealth of the sinners is laid up for the
righteous. I believe it. It's a wealth
transfer time. Some people don't want to
agree with me on that. That's fine, stay
where you are, but don't criticize me
for believing big.
I was driving underneath the
bridge there, and the Lord started
talking to me about the angels, and he
said, 'Brandon, remember I told you as
you're passing under this bridge to
believe for angelic visitation in
these services? Believe for the angels
to work with you to bring the body
parts.'I
told you when we got in
prayer, if an octopus can
get a new limb and grow back new limbs,
if a crab can do it and they're
sea-dwelling
animals, how much more are you
able to believe for a new arm or a new
leg or new eyes? If they can grow back
stuff, why can't we? We're created in
his image. We're created to be the head
over all these things. He said to take
dominion and authority over these
animals. How much more do we have the
ability to grow back
something? 'Well, I don't believe that.
We've never seen it.'It's time to
believe for the
impossible. It's time to believe. God
forbid. Are we in the last days or
not? Are we going to see signs will
follow them that
believe? I'm so done with being a
Christian that's just barely, you know,
'Well, we see it, well, we may
not.'Every
once in a while, it's whatever, man. I'm
believing for it every day.
Let's
believe for God to do something every
day. Believe God for finances,
like, we need to look nice for
him. We represent the
King. He's corrected me about my
clothes. He's corrected me about a lot
of things, saying, "Brandon, you
represent me. You need to look nice for
me. When you go into public, you
need to look nice. Don't wear your
scrubby stuff out and always have holes.
Look nice for me. Look
nice."Why?
Because John G. Lake used to
look in the mirror. He put on a white
suit, a white tie, and all these
white clothes. And he looked
and
said, "God dwells on the inside
of this man, and I
represent
him. I represent the King of Kings and
the Lord of Lords. And he dwells on the
inside of this
man."So
I started thinking about what John G.
Lake did, and he had an appearance of
excellence. His car was clean. Things
looked
nice. When you represent the King,
you look nice. You clean yourself up.
You may not have a dime to your name,
but a bar of soap only costs so
much. And you look nice with a bar of
soap. You don't have to look scruffy and
dirty, with oily hair. You
can have an appearance of cleanliness,
too, because cleanliness is godliness. My mom
would always say, "Cleanliness is
godliness."I
say, "Well, you don't have
to stink with B.O.. You can have a
bar of soap, scrub your armpits down,
and
make yourself smell nice."I mean,
there's a point of appearance,
an
appearance of excellence, showing
up and believing God for
more. Believing God for more. Well,
this guy said, "I believe in God.
Do you think the Lord wants me to have a
new car, brother?"That's what I'm
talking about, driving around looking at
that. That's when I heard Brother
Hagin
teaching that today. I said, "Let's go
look at the
Cadillacs. Let's go look at the
Range Rovers. Let's go look for
more."Because
he said, "Is it
wrong to have a brand new car? Is it
wrong to not be buying used all the
time?"And
he said, "You're representing
the
King. You're representing the King. And
if you, being evil, give good gifts to
your kids, how much more does your
Heavenly Father give good gifts to those
that love him and are hearing
him? How much more?"So I started
thinking, well, why not believe for
bigger? Why not believe God for more?
Why not believe God for a newer house?
Why not believe God for this stuff? I
believed for this house that I'm living
in right now, and it's time. And the
Lord said, "Brandon, look what I gave
you this time last year. Look
how I took care of you this time
last year."I was sitting on my back
patio. I lived in a shotgun house in
Guthrie,
Oklahoma. Bad mice coming in. We had
rodents. We had snakes coming up through
the floorboards. Our house had
mold so bad we were falling through the
foundation of the
floor. Lived there for
22 years. 22 years my kids,
all of them born in there, lived
there all those years, being a janitor at
the church, making nothing,
believing
God, believing God. And the Lord said,
"Stay here. Take care of your
grandma."I
took care of my grandmother all that
time. I complained—I'm not
going to lie to y'all, I did complain to
the Lord. "Lord, I need something better. My
family—the
mold and mildew smell in here
is
so bad, all the things that we dealt with
for so many
years."But
God came through and got us
this house we're living in
now. 23 years. And people say, "Well,
Brandon,
your house is nice now."But you
don't know what I came from. You don't
know what God did. I never get mad at
somebody's blessing whenever you see
what they have and where they are,
because you don't know what seeds they
sowed to get what they've
got. I rejoice whenever I see
a preacher have more. I rejoice whenever
I see my brother and sister get a brand
new car, because you don't know what
seeds they sacrificed to get what they
got. You don't know
what prayers they prayed. You don't know
what they gave. Do
we not believe that the
Bible is
true, that
he
gives back 30, 60, and a hundredfold? Why do we get mad when we see somebody get blessed? If the Bible
is true and he gives back 30, 60, and a hundredfold, why aren't
more of us walking in
increase? Is it because we are ashamed of what
he's given us? We don't want
to—"Oh,
well, we kind of live down and out. We
just got to barely get by.""I took
the vow of poverty."I'm going to tell
you this: you're a fool. I do not want
to receive a vow of poverty. I'm not
taking no vow of poverty. If the Bible
says that the windows of
heaven are open over us and he poured
out
a blessing that we don't have room
enough to receive it all, how much more
can we walk in it, to not walk by just
barely? That's why I'm believing God for
crypto to take off like a
rocket. I talked to a dear sister. She
lives in
Florida, and she said she's
believing for big, Brandon, and she's
wanting to retire. She had all these
big desires of believing God to have
exceeding. She works for the TSA and all
this stuff. She told me, she said, "I
work for the TSA, worked there for like
twenty-some,
30 years or something like that,
but I'm believing God to do something
big."And
I thought, "You inspire
me. You inspire me."She is a
single woman saying she's inspired
to believe God for bigger. I come across
you all in life, and we
are
changed by you all. We
changed by what you're
believing for. You inspire me to believe
bigger. I thought, "Yeah, why not? The sky
is the limit. We limit ourselves by what we
think."So
that's what I had for you all
today. I want you to believe for bigger.
And whenever you see the enemy try and
attack you, whenever he tries to come
against you, take no thought
saying. I'm not going to take
thoughts of what I'm feeling and lose my peace
in
all of this. I'm not
going to take a thought saying and let
him see it. The enemy is not going to
see me
sweat in all the
drama. Do you know God is good, folks?
God is good, and he is a rewarder of
those that diligently seek him. The
Bible says the willing and the obedient
will
eat the good of the land. And I'm
telling you, it's time for the willing
and the obedient. I've been willing and
I've been obedient to eat the good of
the land. It's time to eat the good of
the land. Are you willing to eat the
good of the land? If you've been willing
and obedient, you've been faithful
tithing, you've been faithful giving,
it's time for the
willing and obedient to eat the good of
the
land. But it's not just about money;
it's about peace that passes all
understanding. It's about joy
unspeakable and full of glory. It's
about your marriage being restored. It's
about healing in your body. It's about
all these things that he said that he
would provide for us if we believe him
for it.
So, we're going to believe God today.
That's where I'm at. I'm not going to be
a doubter. I'm a believer. I'm
an overcomer.
I live on the
victory side. Do you believe that today?
Do you believe you live on the victory
side? Well, "We ain't never seen
victory before. We're just barely
holding the
fort."I'm
just going to say it out my mouth:
I have what the Bible says I can have. I
can do what the Bible says I can
do. I refuse to allow the enemy to keep
coming and stealing and
taking my
stuff. I call back double what you
stole.
He rebukes the devourer for my
sake. Do you believe that?
I want to be a believing
believer. I believe I'm a believing
believer. So, let's believe God today.
Like I was believing for the Hispanic
man that came over to my
house, I believe that
there
are
seeds that are planted.
Some people plant, some people water,
and some bring forth the increase. Not
everybody's always going to bring forth
all the increase. Some people plant,
some people water, and some people bring
forth the increase. But I believe I
planted and maybe even
watered. And that's what you have to
keep doing is planting, watering, but
it's time for the harvesters. For the
harvest is plentiful and the laborers are
few. Right now, there's more people on
this planet combined than what
there has been in all the generations.
Think about 8 billion, 9 billion people.
9 billion at one time. And yet, in any
generation before, we've never had that
kind of population
ever. Think about that. 9 billion people
basically. That's a lot of people.
Folks say, "Whoa."But it's time to
believe
big. Let's take
communion today and we're going to
intercede. I'm going to pray
and we're going to intercede today for
whatever—well,
see what he has for us.
We'll dip in the river together and
we're going to intercede and we're going
to pray for supernatural
impartation for him to show us that
which is to come. That we would see
things, as being
watchmen. That's what I'm trying to say.
That we'll be watchmen today, and we're
going to see on the wall. If there's
anything to see, he'll show us. Father,
we lift up this body before you. And I
never enter into that place of
spiritual intercession
without taking communion first. You say,
"Why do you take communion so
much?"Because
I always enter in by the blood
of the lamb, by the word
of my testimony. I enter in by the
blood. I don't go sit on his throne
without taking communion
first. Never. I always go before him
with communion and say, "Father, I'm
here. Father, I'm sitting at your feet
today. I draw near to you. But the only
way I'm able to is by this
covenant. By this covenant. And this
represents you. I do it in an act of
faith. I do it by an act of faith. This
is my faith. Faith without works is
dead. This is my faith working. This is
what I do. Father, I believe you. You're
the Son of God. I believe you died and
you rose again on the third day. I
believe that you dwell on the inside of
me.
That's why I take communion all the time
because it represents something to
me. Does it make sense? I don't do it
for religious purposes. This isn't
religious to me. Well, I'm taking
sacraments.
No, I'm doing it because
it's relationship to
me. I don't try to be religious when I
pray. I'm just real when I pray. You
guys, Braden, I'm the most real person
when it comes to the spiritual realm
than anybody because I know
I have nothing to hide. He can see it
all. He knows everything, all my
thoughts. He knows all my
failures. He knows everything about me.
And there's nothing I can do other
than to come to him just as I am and
just say, "Listen, I am flawed
without
you. I need you."And in this, you fill
me. You make me whole. You make me well.
You make me everything that I need, you
have. And there's nothing in this life I
can do apart from
you. And this
represents
you, Holy
Communion. So, Father, we lift up this
body before you. Now, we thank you,
Lord, for all that you've done and all
that you've yet to do in our lives.
Father, I know it's finished. I know
that you said we're well. We're healed.
We're whole. We're all these
things that you said we could do, we can
do because your body, your blood was
sacrificed for us. I thank you, Father.
I thank you, Lord, for whom the Son has
set free. And I take this body in the
name of Jesus. And I thank you, Father,
that I'm healed, I'm whole, I'm well. I
have the mind of
Christ. Clear thoughts, no brain
fog,
no nothing. I am healed, whole and well.
I am delivered. I am set free. I thank
you, Lord. All that I need. Everything
that you've ever done is done. You said
it is
finished. And we take this body in the
name of
Jesus. You believe that today? Do you
believe that he did it all for you
today? Yes. We believe the blood set us
free. We confess our sins, Lord. We
messed up. We've fallen short of the
glory. But we are all okay
because of this blood. We're
right through your blood. The blood made us
whole. The blood made us
well. Thank you, Father, for the blood.
Thank you for the blood, Lord. Thank you,
Lord, that you redeemed me by the blood.
Thank you, Lord, that you set me free.
Thank you, Lord, for whom the Son
sets
free is free
indeed. I plead the blood of Jesus over
my children. I plead the blood of Jesus
over my wife. I plead the blood of Jesus
over me, my marriage, my finances,
my house, my car. Father, thank you,
Lord, that you rebuke the devourer for my
sake today. The devourer has been found
and he has to pay back double what he
stole in Jesus'name. I'm calling it in
right now in the name of Jesus.
Everything the devil stole, I call it in
in the name of Jesus. I say you rebuke
the devourer, Father, and I stand on
what you said I can have. And I will do
what the Bible says I can do. And I take
back what you stole from me, devil, in
Jesus'name.
Father, I thank you for the
blood. I sit at your feet, Father,
because of that blood. It's on that
mercy
seat. "Hey,
Jesus, how are you doing
today?"That's
what I say. "Oh, Jesus, I thank you for
all you've done for
me."Thank
you,
Jesus. I want you to be real to me
today. Be real to me, Holy Spirit,
today. It's not something in my
imagination; it's
something
real. I thank you, Father, that you're
real to me
today. That you said I could do it. You
said I could have it. And I believe for
the
impossible. I believe, Father, that what
they say is impossible is
possible
through you. That all things are
possible to him who
believes.
I believe, Father, that we can achieve the
impossible
today
financially, mentally, emotionally, all
of it. I can believe and receive what's
impossible
today to the
world. To the world it's impossible, but
I can have
it because he said all things are
possible to him who believes.
I
believe it and I
receive it. I receive the things
out of the world's economy. I receive it
out of there;
I take it by force. Give me creative
ideas, Father. I seek your face. I thank
you, Father, that the wealth of the
sinner is laid up for the righteous.
Seek ye first the kingdom and all these
things will be added unto you. I seek
you,
Father. Thank you,
Father. Father, we thank you, Lord. Now,
we sit at your feet
today. You're a good dad. You're a good
father.
You have
healing. You have deliverance. You have
it all. We don't need
to be bound by anything the
devil has because you've set us free. We
will not accept a poo-poo package of a
symptom on our
flesh. We will take no thought saying,
"Well, I thought I was
healed."No,
no, no. I am
healed. I am the healed resisting
sickness. I am the whole resisting
the
symptoms of sickness and disease. I
resist you. I refuse to take the
symptom. I refuse to take the symptom of
sickness and
disease. Now, we're going to pray in the
spirit. We're going to believe God.
Let's believe God for your
marriages. Let's believe God
for—there's
so many of you that are believing for so
much, and I'll be agreeing with you.
Healing belongs to you. Your marriage is
whole. I call peace in your
marriages, joy in the marriages, joy in
your homes. Your marriages
are restored. Your children are full of
joy. Your children are full of
peace. Your children that are
wayward
are coming
home. The prodigals are coming home.
Believe for the impossible, so it seems so far
out there, but it's
tangible and right in front of your
hand. It's in your hand. It's tangible
and you've got the
key.
Father, we thank
you. Oh God, we praise
you.
Faith isn't a
feeling. I'm not moved by what I see.
I'm not moved by what I feel. I move by
what the word of God
says. Faith isn't a
feeling.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that
we step with you, we
walk with you, we abide in you. Father,
we thank you, Lord. We abide; we
don't force it. We rest in
the finished work of Jesus.
Father, we don't push.
We're not rude,
demanding.
No, we rest.
When you
step, we step. Oh, Father, we thank you,
Lord.
We politely say, "Can I have
the keys to that?"Oh, we politely say,
we confidently trust, we confidently
rely, we confidently rest in the
finished work of Jesus.
We're confident; we're fully persuaded.
Resting in the finished work
of Jesus Christ, we're confidently
resting, we're confidently relying.
We confidently rest, we confidently rely
on your
finished work today.
It's like stepping up to the edge of a
river. You step up to the edge of the
river and you put your toes
in it.
You've got to step off in it by faith.
That's what you're doing when you're
praying like this: you step off in it by
faith. "I'm going to step into that
river."And
when you get into
that river, the river pulls
you. We have no other agenda other than
yours. We
take our
thoughts and we focus them on
you—not
what's on our agenda, but
what's with you, Father. What can
we help you with today?
We worship you, Father.
Oh, Father, we worship you.
We enter into
your courts with
praise. We magnify you,
Lord. We glorify
you, Lord. We honor you,
Lord, for you are worthy of our
praise. We sing to you a new
song, and we
worship
you, and we magnify you, Lord. We thank
you,
Lord.
He
says,
"It's like a pioneer work."He says, "It's a
pioneer work."I see lots of stony
ground. I see
the mountains ahead.
We're mountain dissolvers,
and we speak
to the mountains. We
don't climb them; we dissolve them.
My first initial
reaction when I saw this mountain:
it was hollowed out around
the side, and there was barely anything
covering to keep this big head of this
mountain on, but it was dissolved all at
the foundation of it. And it
went
out like this. I could see this dark
brown all on this side and there was
light all on this side. But you could
see all the way through because there
was no foundation to this mountain
other than just a little bit. It was on
a round cylinder like this, and the
mountain went up and went all out
like this. I could see
this—it
looked like
granite. It's granite. And
instantaneously I thought, "Well, how do
you climb a mountain that looks like
that?"That's
what I was praying through
right then. "How do you climb a mountain
that looks like that? You can't get up
unless you go around the side, Lord.
There's no way you'd crawl up and go
like this."That's what I
was looking at when I was praying.
For many are set back by years, but now
I'm going to do a quick work.
See, I
see that many people—it will take them
years of cultivating, but now
it'll be a quick work,
an acceleration, for the time
is short.
And
great grace will sustain
you there. Great grace sustain you
there. Great grace, he says, great grace. It
will
be windows of grace.
Grace, grace, grace.
And this is what he's talking about: the
generals of
the past.
A
foundation was laid
in the spirit realm with the prayers
of
the
saints
of the past. He
is
talking about
the
1900s—1901,
1919—those
generals
of
the
past.
There is a foundation
that was laid.
I see a great
slab—the
slab
of
the
Word—prayers
of
a
great foundation.
Now, finish the work.
There's a remnant of you
that are still here. There's many of you
that are still here. The Lord says,
"But you're up in your years.
There's 80s,
there's 90s, you're still here. You're
praying.
You were part of the old tent revivals. You were part
of the old
tent
revival. And
you're going to live long and finish
strong and show us young people how to
do it."So he said, "Hallelujah!
Your youth is
renewed like the eagles, and the glory
will sustain you.
He saved the best for last.
Remember, there's a lot of you because
of your prayers. You have a backbone, but
God's given you a backbone. The
more you feed on the word, the more you
do what he's called you to do, the
greater
works."But
do these things that I've called
you to do, and I'm coming to get you
for
the greater works. Greater works
I will do
in
you.
For
there's much work
to be done. For
the harvest is plentiful, and
the laborers
are
few. My harvest is plentiful and the
laborers
are few.
I see
that the enemy thinks he's
won.
When you look at the vast majority
of the churches, it looks very
pathetic.
I see it going through and I see it in
the spirit realm. I see it through the
devil's
eyes, what he's looking at, and he's
laughing: "Look at what I've done. Look
at what I've done."But the greater works
have just begun. Watch what I'll take
out of nothing and turn it into
something.
Oh, I hear the spirit of the Lord say,
"The
greater
works are coming. The
fire is coming. The fire for
the driest and the deadest will burn the
hottest upon this vast
land."I
see upon the vast land, for
the scope
of eternity, for the
space of this eternity.
Chicago, I see it for it goes
as far as the eye can see.
I hear the spirit of the Lord say, "Can
these bones
live?"And
I see the valley of the dry
bones. He says, "Can these bones live?
A sea of bones. Can
these bones
live?"And
I say, "Yes,
Lord."I
see the vast valley of
the bones.
The Lord says the bones will
live. He's raising up the people in
those
bones. I see the bones coming into
flesh. I see the bones coming into
flesh. I see the bones in that valley of
those bones. These are spiritually dead
people. And the Lord says, "Can the
bones live?"Brandon, they can,
Lord. He said, "Speak to
them."I
hear him say, "Speak to
them."From
coast to coast around the
world. Can these bones
live? The church in the state of where
it's
at. So many dry, so many
asleep. And we call the bones to live
today, Lord.
And I just heard him say, "I heard
the sound of a mighty rushing
wind."He's
in that still small voice.
So many people are looking for the
fire, for the earthquakes,
for all the things. Oh, but he's in the
still small
voice. I'm not in a
panic. I am not in a
panic. All this was by design.
I laugh at the devil.
For he thought he had won
again.
And the devil's laughing, and
then the Lord's laughing at him. And he
has the last laugh.
When you look at the
vastness
of the
church, what the enemy has tried to
do, preaching anemic
Christianity throughout all these
churches, seeker-friendly, I see it all.
I'm looking at it all.
Satan's watching. He said, "What is
he going to
do?"He's
watching. And there are so many skeletons. There
are
so many of them. I see them all
around the world. But the Lord says,
"Can these bones
live?"Brennan.
I believe he's referring to
Ezekiel. He said, "That's exactly what
I'm referring to."That's what he said. "I
am
exactly what I'm referring to.
For I am the rock that is higher than
I. I am the rock."I want you to hear
these scriptures. The Lord spoke to me
and he said, "Have Diana read this to
you."Ezekiel,
go ahead, read it out
loud. Yeah, it's Ezekiel
37. The hand of the Lord was on me and
he brought me out by the spirit of the
Lord and set me in the middle of a
valley. It was full of bones. He led me
back and forth among them and I saw a
great many bones on the floor of the
valley, bones that were very dry. He
said to me, "Son of man, can these bones
live?"I
said, "Sovereign Lord, you
alone know."Then he said to me,
"Prophesy to these bones and say to
them, Dry bones, hear the word of the
Lord. This is what the sovereign Lord
says to these bones. I will make breath
enter you and you will come to life. I
will attach tendons to you and make
flesh come upon you and cover you with
skin. I will put breath in you and you
will come to life. Then you will know
that I am the Lord."So I prophesied as
I was commanded, and as I was
prophesying, there was a noise, a
rattling sound, and the bones came
together bone to bone. I looked, and
tendons and flesh appeared on them, and
skin covered them, but there was no
breath in them. Then he said to me,
"Prophesy to the breath. Prophesy, son
of man, and say to it, This is what the
sovereign Lord says. Come breath from
the four winds, and breathe into the
slain, that they may live."So I
prophesied as he commanded me, and
breath entered them. They came to life
and stood up on their feet, a vast army.
Then he said to me, "Son of man, these
bones are the people of Israel. They
say, Our bones are dried up, and our
hope is gone. We are cut off.
Therefore, prophesy and say to them,
This is what the sovereign Lord says,
My people, I am going to open your
graves and bring you up from them. I
will bring you back to the land of
Israel. Then you, my people, will know
that I am the Lord. When I open your
graves and bring you up from them, I
will put my spirit in you and you will
live. And I will settle you in your own
land. Then you will know that I, the
Lord, have spoken, and I have done it,
declares the
Lord."Oh,
Jesus. So, that's what he was saying.
Think about what she just said right
there. He spoke to the dead bones in
the valley and he asked him, "Son of man, can these bones live?"And read that again. "He asked me, Son of
man, can these bones live?
I said,
Sovereign
Lord, you alone know."You alone know.
Keep going. Read it one more time. That
little bit. Okay. Then he said to me,
"Prophesy to these bones and say to
them, dry bones."Dry bones. "Hear the
word of the Lord."Hear the word of the
Lord. What you're going to do, as you
said, I'm going to repeat after you.
"This is what the sovereign Lord says to
these bones. I will make breath enter
you."Yes,
breath enter them, "and you will
come to life"and come to life. "I will
attach tendons to you"attach tendons to
them "and make flesh come upon
you"and
make flesh come upon them "and cover you
with skin"and cover them with skin. "I
will put breath in you"I put breath in
you "and you will come to life"and you
will come to life, "then you will know
that I am the Lord"and then they will
know that he is the Lord. That's what it
is. Do you get that? But what he was
talking about was not physical bones,
right? In the spirit when I see him,
he said, "There is a vast valley of bones,
Brandon, of
Christians that are dead. They're
spiritually dead."And then he told me,
he said, "When I heard him, I could hear
him and I could see Satan."And Satan
was looking out over the valley of bones
and looking at what he's done to all these
lukewarm Christians and all the
spiritual deadness. And the Lord spoke
to me and I heard the spirit of the Lord
say, "Can these bones live, Brennan?
Can they
live? The enemy thinks he's won in the
army, in the vastness of what I want to
do, for the harvest is
plentiful and the laborers are few. Can
these bones
live?"That's
what I heard the Lord say.
And I said, "What are you referring
to?"And
I knew it. I said, "You refer
to Ezekiel."And
he said, "That's
exactly what I'm referring to. Read
it."So
we pray for the valley of the bones
of the Christians, our brothers and
sisters that are lukewarm, and we say,
"Can these bones live?"He said to me,
"And they will live."And we prophesy to
those bones to get up out of that grave,
to get up out of that spiritual deadness
and say, "Oh, let the fanning and the
flame of the fire of the Holy Ghost
dwell on the inside of them, and where there
once was life, have life again
and life more abundantly."Oh God, we
thank you Lord that in these last days
our churches will be on fire, that
the remnant of the Holy Ghost,
that the last days will
rise up in a greater capacity and bring
forth this last harvest of souls for
you, oh God.
Oh God.
He said, "The enemy thought he had won,
Brandon,
but can they
live?"I
don't know
why, but I hear the sound of a mighty
rushing wind. It's
like I see the cloud the size of a man's
hand
and there's the sound of rain. I
hear the sound of rain.
It's the outpouring. We call forth the
outpouring. Can these bones live?
Prophesy to those bones. Get up, have
flesh, have tendons, have this stuff
spiritually. Have a backbone. Get up out
of there. But we call forth the rivers
of the living water. We call forth the
fresh water from the throne, oh God, to
pour out upon all flesh. One last time,
a great move and a harvest of souls like
this world has never seen
before.
We thank you
Lord. We thank you
Lord. I can see the valley, Lord.
I stay there. I camp there,
Father, looking at the bones getting
up. I look at the bones getting
up. I stay in this position. You're not
moving here. The vision
just paused right there.
I'm trying to move on, but the Lord's
paused right
there. So when you move, I move. What do
you want me to do next with it? I still
see it. I still see the valley. I still
see the devil. He's
standing there and he's looking
and he's laughing at what he thinks
he's done. But I see this light coming
from the throne of God. I see this light
and I hear the voice of the Lord so loud,
thunderously, "Can these bones
live?"And
then I see light flowing down
in the water. But I
could see what
looked
like darkness all on the bones.
Spiritual bones look like dryness.
That's what he said: the
drier the bones, the drier the
person, the greater the
fire. A flash
fire. I see a flash
fire.
For
the drier the person,
the greater the fire.
It's time for revival.
An awakening under God
for
revival. He's still at the point of the
revival.
I see the mountain, and I see
the valley. And I see all the dry bones.
They're on every cliff and all
around. Many are on top of each
other. And he
says he's camped
there looking at the
valley. He's in the still small
voice. 'What is it, Lord? Why are we
looking to the bones
still?'I
hear it echoing: 'Satan had thought he
had
won.'Okay,
I've
never seen that before.
I hear him say, 'Satan had thought he had
won.'He
said, 'Camp there right now. Pray
into that. Pray into that when
you're seeing into it. And I'm still
showing it to you. Pray into
it. I'll move you when it's
time.'Bones
live. A stirring
in the church.
Bones live.
I hear the sound of an abundance of
rain. I
see the rain
now. I see the
clouds. The clouds are
building as
we're praying.
And I see a dam that is broken. And in
the valley of the bones,
I see the waves. I see the dams
are broken.
Not only is it
coming through the dam that has been
broken on the side of this mountain and
through the valley—it's a flash
flood—but
the rain has
fallen. It's coming from two ways. It's
coming from the vast waves and it's
coming from the depth of the earth. But
there is a rain of the Holy Ghost that's
coming, and the bones are floating in the
water
and
gaining form.
I hear the sound of rain.
This is not just normal rain;
it's the sound of a Holy Ghost rain.
And I hear the
angels
singing.
Oh, we speak to the valley of the bones.
You
will live in
Jesus'name.
And on both sides of the valley,
there was a river. There's
a bank on this side, big mountains, big
rocks. On this side, big rocks over
here. And over here behind me when I was
praying, because I was looking this way
toward the valley, I could see all
the bones, and
they
were as vast on it.
I could see there was a stream going
through that was completely barren,
a
barren stream going through on
both sides. But as far as the eye
could see, there were bones in this valley,
on
both sides. But there was a light. When I
saw the Father up top, I could see the
light shining down on these bones, and it
was making the bones
glisten. They were glistening.
And as he was saying to me,
'Can these bones live?'they would
glisten, kind of like when you see
diamonds in the sparkling of a
light. You see, like when you turn light on
diamonds, it makes them glisten. And the
bones were on the valley, and they were
all upon it. And the valley was like
going into the desert. It was like
a
desert. And all of a sudden, I see and
hear the sound of an abundance of rain,
an abundance of water. And there was a
dam behind me. I could hear it
literally—I
felt like I was
there—cracking
and breaking behind me as we
were praying. And the water flushed
through the valley, and the bones
rose
up in this living
water that came forth out of this
dam. And the
bones
started going in, and
a thigh was a thigh, and a leg was a leg,
and all the heads started to come
together. But not only was it all coming
together and creating a whole man
spiritually,
but I heard the sound of the
rain. And there was rain
coming—not
just sprinkles of rain,
but
a new Holy
Ghost rain upon the valley. And there
was rain falling down.
But it was not just a little bit
of rain; it was an abundant
rain—lightning,
thunder, everything.
Rain, heavy rain, like a tsunami
rain, like hurricane rain, big rain. And
it was filling up.
The
valley was filling up, and the rain was
coming, and there was a Holy Ghost flow
all at the same time that was bringing
life to the bones. And then I started
seeing skin, Holy Ghost. But it wasn't
skin like this; it was like transparent
skin, like your
spirit, like you would see a spirit,
like a ghost, transparent. But
it was becoming sparkly. And as the
bones sparkled, the
skin started to sparkle. As the bones
and the flesh became
one, and they had garments
on—some
garments, they were like robes
and gowns on these
bones that became flesh of the spirit all in
this valley, and they started floating
up and rising up into the top, and all
the water started to bring them. So we
believe for these
gowns, like
bride
gowns. They were sparkling with
sparkles. I hear the sound of an
abundant
rain. We speak to the brothers and
sisters to get up out of their
graves,
out of their spiritual
to get out of spiritual
deadness.
'Get out of the spirit of
death,'He
says. 'From coast to coast all
around the globe, there's a great, mighty
rain, a great Holy Ghost
flow. Even the deadest of the dead is
going to get up out of that
grave.'Ain't
no
grave going to hold my body down. You
remember, 'Ain't no
grave going to hold my body down. When I
hear that trumpet
sound, you better get up out of that
ground, because there ain't no
grave going to hold my body
down.'It's
not just a flesh thing,
y'all. There's something spiritual here.
I've seen the rock, I've seen the
mountain, and in this, 'Father, we thank
you.
The deadest of the dead are going to
get
up.'And
it's almost... I see some of
them, they have alligator
skin. I see alligator skin all around
them. Alligator skin. It looks like
reptilian. It's alligator skin on them.
They have yellow bellies and they have
dark green-looking backs.
They look like alligators.
'The greatest outpouring of my spirit is
coming. The
former and the latter rain
together.'I
hear him say, 'The former rain
and the latter rain. That's what you're
seeing: former rain, latter
rain.'What
is
it? It's like a teeter-totter. I
see it. The former rain's already
come, and the latter rain's coming, and
the wave is running, and the wave is
already coming. One's falling down, and
the other one's already been here, and
they're coming
together. The former rain has already fallen, and the latter rain is
falling.
So
the former rain comes like a
flood—it's
already been on the earth like
this—and
the latter rain
is falling.
Former rain, latter
rain. It's a flood.
Stay. The former rain and latter rain. There's
a great flood, Brandon. There's a great
flood. He said, 'A great flood.
I hear
the sound of an abundance of
rain.'He
said, 'There's
more.'And
this will be birthed through much
prayer.
Oh, and the fountains of the deep,
those great fountains I
talked about. You remember that he said
those wells uncapped, the wells are
drawn
forth. They're drawn forth.
Draw from those wells. He
says, 'Draw from the wells.'When I say
that, the capping of that
is like the well, and when you say
'draw from the well,'it's like it's
pushing that water
up and it's going
over, out of the banks of the well. Draw
from those old wells, the deep wells.
This will be fun, for
it's just begun.
Oh, the way the devil tried to hold
you back in the past. The
victim
mentality is breaking off of you today.
The
victim
mentality. Living under a bridge, living
under the bridge.
Don't
go. Many people are living under
the bridge
with
a
victim mentality, because
you're so used to things hitting you.
But
you're
coming out. He said, 'Come out
from
underneath there. Come out from
underneath
there.'In
the cave of life. Victim mentality.
Now I see a cave. People
are coming out of the cave.
He said it's
time to come out of the cave. Come out
of that
bondage. The
door is wide open. Will you come out?
Oh, the enemy's trying to bind you. The
enemy
is trying to put you in that hole,
in that
cave. But the
door is wide open.
The enemy's trying to hold you back
in your thinking and the way
you're
thinking. Renew your mind.
You say, 'Can this really be?
Is it really time for
me?'Yes,
I see. It's almost like
they have dirt on their face.
Their hair is all matted, and these
people are coming out of the cave and
they have soot on their faces. They're
all dirty with soot.
Their clothes are kind of dingy
and they're coming out
because
they're coming out
free. Coming out of that
cave. He came to set the captives free.
He came to set the captives free. You
know the cave's been open the whole
time. He said the cave's been open. The
devil tried to tell you you're in
there. He tried to tell you you've got to
live underneath that bridge, you've got to
live
in that cave. But the Lord said,
'I've already set you free from the
cave. I've already set you free from the bridge.'It's
a victim
mentality.
For whom the Son has set
free is free indeed. He's free indeed.
We're free indeed. No more bondage.
Oh, you've been hit down
and knocked down so long
that you got accustomed to it.
Get the mentality of being accustomed to
victory. That's what he
said. Start being accustomed to
victory. Be accustomed to being
a winner,
walking on the victory side. This is
going to be fun, and it's just
begun. That's what he's saying.
Living
on
the
victory side, living in the victory,
going
from glory to glory.
So many times, the waves of
life... I see these
people always hiding underneath the
bridge, waiting for the next thing
to fall on them. Waiting in the cave.
Oh, they don't want to come out
because
it's scary. Oh,
you're looking outside that door,
but the doors have big
locks and chains,
and you're chained up
inside. But the
Lord said, 'I've come to set the
captives
free, and you're already free, but you
don't even know
it.'The
door is open, but
it's inside of you. You're
encaged
inside. The Lord said you're
inside. You have a
cage mentality.
Many people have a cage
mentality, but you're out of the cage.
He sets you free from it.
Oh, when you get mad at it, I heard him
say, 'Would you just get flat mad at
it? I'm not in this cage anymore. It's
time for me to
soar.'Going
higher and higher with
the fire. No more
bondage. It's time to come up higher,
coming out
of that
cage, coming up higher.
Change the way you're
thinking. Change the way you're doing
things. Change!
And out of this hole,
I see olive
oil coming out of the side of the
rock.
It looks like
golden
olive oil
coming through the press.
When
I see the pressure
squirting on the olives that come through the press, the pressure causes the oil. And the more the press comes
down on
the olives, it brings
forth new olive oil. Oh
boy, this is the threshing
floor. Many of you have gone through the
threshing floor, many of you have gone
through the press.
But
the great oil, the
Holy Ghost oil, is coming out of it.
Thank you,
Lord.
Hallelujah. And just like that, it starts
to lift.
Holy Spirit, thank
you. Well, I feel like we did our
job for what he wanted
today. I can feel it start to
lift off me, and I go,
'What is that to pray?'Isn't that
interesting? To
flow. Is there more? That's why I always
say, 'Is there more,
Lord?'Hallelujah.
Glory to God. Can these
bones live? Well, the Lord says they
can. I hear the sound of an abundance of
rain, the former and the latter rain
together. Glory to God.
I love looking at that. I can
freeze-frame
that
vision. That is amazing. Those old bones
living, folks. I
hear the sound of an abundance of
rain, and Satan is like, 'What are you
going to do?'He's looking at him,
laughing at him. And God is laughing at
him. Satan is an idiot. He's real
dumb. He really is dumb. He tries to
challenge our Creator. What an
idiot! He tries to challenge, like, 'Look
what I did.'You didn't do
nothing! Can these bones live? Don't you
know that what is dead, God will
bring back to life?
He has resurrection power on the inside.
He
is life,
even in the deadness of Sarah's womb
at
99. Can
these bones live?
Wow. Praise
God. Well, I hope you got something out
of that
today. It blessed me. I'm glad I showed
up.
Oh, it touched my
heart. I love the Word. I love the
prayer. I'm so thankful for every single
one of you that come and pray with me.
The Lord said, 'I've camped
here.'It's
amazing because usually
when I'm pushing in prayer, I can push
the vision and push what he's doing,
but I've camped here for a
reason. You're not done praying over
these bones yet. So I kept interceding,
kept praying more in tongues, and
there's thousands of us doing it. So
we're praying over it, praying, and
it just keeps building. And then all of
a sudden, that dam broke and just
flooded
that valley. And all those bones started
lifting up out of that
deadness, and that water flooded on
them. And then what was amazing was
all the bones started to
live because the rain started
coming, and it was flooding, rain and
flood at the same time. And then out of
those big wells, that water
started coming up out of the
depth of the
earth. So folks, there's more water,
more Holy Ghost water than what you all
can ever comprehend. There's former
and
latter rain together and the old wells,
the fountains of—because as the days of
Noah, think about that. The
fountains of the depth and the fountains
of the firmament, all these things, the
water came, rain, all of it. Forty days
of
rain. And it's going to be a Holy Ghost
rain. The rain came up from the
depth. The rain came from the
firmament.
The rain came from here. Rain, rain,
rain. It just filled up, and it was
as the days of Noah. That's what I'm
hearing. Wow. Praise the Lord, Braden. A
great, mighty Holy Ghost rain this time,
though. Not a destructive rain; it's a
Holy Ghost rain.
Hallelujah. And the drier the
bones, the drier it is, the more the
fire. Get ready, folks. There's going to
be a great, great something about to
happen. But we're praying into it. We're
building blocks. We're praying into it.
We're praying for the revival,
expecting, just like I talked about
when I
drove around today, and he said, 'Expect
me to move in your services,
Brandon. Expect me to do
something. Can these bones
live?'Well,
praise the Lord. I'm glad
you showed up today. If
you're not here, you go, 'Man, this guy
is way out there.'Yeah, I am. I'm way
out there with Jesus. Subscribe if you
haven't subscribed. Click the
notification bell, click the like
button, click the thumbs up—do all the
things that you can do to help me with
the algorithm. Diana and I, we both
appreciate you all. We love you,
Braden. We pray for you. We pray
for your financial harvest. We're
praying for your abundance for your
homes. Whatever you're believing for,
we're believing with you.
And we pray that
everything is good and well in your
households. We do. Well, we always close
our YouTube broadcast for
today by saying, 'Put a smile on your
face and a song in your
heart.'Jesus
loves you so much and we love you. God
bless you all, and we'll see you again
soon. Bye-bye.